Privateer Short Mission Line (#5156)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/transport missions.txt

	on enter "Umbral"
		"reputation:  Independent " = -1000
		conversation
			`When you enter Umbral, you continue to see no sign of the Esca. Suddenly, an alarm rings out as your sensors detect that a pirate Vanguard has entered the system alongside you. Before you can respond, your ship intercepts a hail, and it opens communication.`
			`	The voice of the alleged captain of the Esca shouts out towards you. "Ho ho ho! Did you really think that I was the leader of the militia? Well, considering that you're here, I suppose you did. And now you'll pay for your mistake! Don't bother trying to call for help either, the militia don't patrol this system!"`
			`	The Vanguard powers up its weapons.`
	
	npc kill
		government " Independent "
		personality heroic vindictive unconstrained launching
			confusion 20
		ship "Vanguard (Plasma Slow)" "Anglerfish"
		dialog `The Anglerfish and "The captain of the Esca" have been destroyed. You consider going back to Wayfarer to see if you can grab some sort of reward for your effort.`
	
	on complete
		"reputation:  Independent " = 10

> 		conversation

Reviewer: The payment is missing.

				`When you land on Wayfarer, you look up bounties and wanted pirate documents, searching for any mention of the Anglerfish and the Esca. Eventually, you find a bounty for the destruction of the Anglerfish.`

> 				`	You head to the local authorities, and show them your combat logs of your fight against the Anglerfish. They pay you <payment> for your effort.`
> 				choice
> 					`	(Leave.)`
> 					`	(Read more about the bounty.)`
> 						decline
> 				label more
> 				`	You decide to read more of the bounty documents. It appears that the pirate that you killed was Enrico Snake, a pirate that mainly dealt in cargo smuggling. However, he also had a curious tick of hunting aspiring privateers by luring them to Umbral, where he easily took them out with his superior ship.`

Reviewer: I'd restructure this to how you had it before, as now the ending just hangs there.
```suggestion
				`When you land on Wayfarer, you look up bounties and wanted pirate documents, searching for any mention of the Anglerfish and the Esca. Eventually, you find a bounty for the destruction of the Anglerfish.`
				choice
					`	(Take the bounty money.)`
						goto end
					`	(Read more about the bounty.)`
				`	You decide to read more of the bounty documents. It appears that the pirate that you killed was Enrico Snake, a pirate that mainly dealt in cargo smuggling. However, he also had a curious tick of hunting aspiring privateers by luring them to Umbral, where he easily took them out with his superior ship.`
				label end
				`	You head to the local authorities, and show them your combat logs of your fight against the Anglerfish. They pay you <payment> for your effort.`
```

		payment
		payment 20000
		dialog phrase "generic cargo delivery payment"

mission "Pirate Duel"
	name "Fight at Umbral"
	description `Head as quickly as you can to the Umbral system, where you will duel with a small militia vessel named the "Esca". After fighting, go to <destination> to follow up.`
	minor
	deadline 5 1
	source
		near "Tarazed" 1 5
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds"
	waypoint "Umbral"
	destination "Wayfarer"
	
	to offer
		"combat rating" > 20
		"combat rating" < 400
		random < 35
		not "ships: Medium Warship"
		not "ships: Heavy Warship"
		not "ships: Heavy Freighter"
		or
			"ships: Light Warship" == 1
			"ships: Light Freighter" == 1
			"ships: Transport" == 1

> 			"ships: Interceptor" == 1

Author: I didn't want to lock out pilots who might be using a hybrid fleet setup, with a couple of freighters and a warship. I've just spotted a major exploit possible with the current way the mission is laid out though (you only need to satisfy, so for simplicity's sake, I'll just commit it to what you're suggesting
As for the other exploits, a player that knows enough to use the loophole in ship count/has enough money to buy more ship could probably easily beat the mission regardless.

	
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`While you are walking around the spaceport, you accidentally bump into a sturdily-built man. "Oh, I'm sorry," he responds in a gruff voice. When they take a closer look at you, his expression changes to shock. "Oh! You're Captain <last>!"`

Reviewer 2: Switch the "they" to a "he", since gender has been established earlier on. Then change "take" to "takes" for grammatical consistency.

			choice
				`	"How did you know my name?"`
					goto offer
				`	"I don't know who you're talking about."`

> 			`	The man's expression changes to one of slight dissapointment. "Oh. I see." They walk away without another word.`

Reviewer 2: Same here: "they" to a "he", then makes "walk" "walks", since you're now using a singular pronoun.

			choice
				`	"Sure, I'll follow."`
					goto follow
				`	"Where are you taking me?"`
			`	The man chuckles nervously. "Just to somewhere more private. Don't worry, I won't bite."`
			choice
				`	"Fine, I'll go."`
				`	"I still don't buy this. I'm out."`
					decline
			label follow
			`	You follow the man into a series of winding alleyways, keeping your eyes alert for any danger. After a while, the man stops. "I suppose I can tell you more about myself now. I... am the leader of the local militia, and I believe that, considering your proficiency in piloting smaller craft, you would be a great candidate to join our team. However, there is a test you must pass. I will use one of our smaller ships in our fleet, the Esca, to challenge you to a duel in the system of Umbral. If you manage to disable me, go to our base in Wayfarer, and I'll let you join."`
			choice
				`	"What sort of vessel is the Esca?"`
					goto vessel
				`	"Why did you need to bring me to here? Couldn't you have made this offer in the spaceport?"`

> 			`	The man hesiates for a moment. "Well, being in the open when admitting that you're the leader of the group that is actively opposed against you isn't a good idea. You can't ever be too sure about who's listening.`

Reviewer 3: > "Well, being in the open when admitting that you're the leader of the group that is actively opposed against you isn't a good idea. You can't ever be too sure about who's listening.

This is kind of a jarring phrase, and it appears to state that he's actually a pirate posing as a militia leader. Was that intentional? If not, perhaps something along the lines of:

> "Well, being in the open somewhere pirates might be passing through when admitting that you're the leader of an informal group that hunts pirates isn't a good idea. You can't ever be too sure about who's listening.

				goto end
			label vessel
			`	The man hesiates for a moment. "Oh, just some low-end Southbound Shipyards light warship. Nothing to worry about for a captain like you.`
			label end
			`	"Well, I better be going now. Meet me at Umbral as fast as you can if you want to take up my challenge." The man walks away, leaving you to your own devices.`
			choice
				`	(Ready your ship for the battle with the Esca.)`
					accept
				`	(Ignore the invitation.)`
					decline
	
	on enter
		dialog `When you take off, you run a quick scan on all other ships that are taking off. You see no sign of the Esca. Maybe it's already waiting for you at Umbral.`
	on enter "Umbral"
		"reputation: Independent (Friendly before duel)" = -1000
		conversation

> 			`When you enter Umbral, you continue to see no sign of the Esca. Suddenly, an alarm rings out as your sensors detect that a pirate Vanguard has entered the system along side you. Before you can respond, your ship intercepts a hail, and it opens communication.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`When you enter Umbral, you continue to see no sign of the Esca. Suddenly, an alarm rings out as your sensors detect that a pirate Vanguard has entered the system alongside you. Before you can respond, your ship intercepts a hail, and it opens communication.`
```

> 			`The voice of the alleged captain of the Esca shouts out towards you. "Ho ho ho! Did you really think that I was the leader of the militia? Well, considering that you're here, I suppose you did. And now you'll pay for your mistake! Don't bother trying to call for help either, the militia don't patrol this system!"`
> 			`The Vanguard powers up its weapons.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The voice of the alleged captain of the Esca shouts out towards you. "Ho ho ho! Did you really think that I was the leader of the militia? Well, considering that you're here, I suppose you did. And now you'll pay for your mistake! Don't bother trying to call for help either, the militia don't patrol this system!"`
			`	The Vanguard powers up its weapons.`
```

	
	npc kill

> 		government "Independent (Friendly before duel)"

Reviewer 4: I don't see why a separate government is needed. Why not just use the Pirate government for this one? (And have negative reputation with pirates as one of the conditions for getting the mission offered?)

Author: The point is that the vanguard is only supposed to attack you when you enter Umbral.

> 		government "Independent (Friendly before duel)"

Reviewer: A dummy " Independent " government already exists for purposes like this. Use that government instead, and set the reputation to positive on accept in order to guarantee that the government is friendly. (And perhaps also reset it to friendly when the mission is complete as to not ruin other mission that use this government.)

Reviewer: Alternatively, you could save the " Independent " government's reputation to a condition on accept, then reset the government's reputation to that condition on complete (instead of simply resetting the reputation to friendly).

		personality heroic vindictive unconstrained launching
			confusion 20
		ship "Vanguard (Plasma Slow)" "Anglerfish"

> 		dialog `The Anglerfish and "The captain of the Esca" have been destroyed. You consider going back to Wayfarer to see if you can grab some sort of reward for your effort.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		dialog `The Anglerfish and the "captain of the Esca" have been destroyed. You consider going back to Wayfarer to see if you can grab some sort of reward for your effort.`
```

government "Independent (Friendly before duel)"
	"display name" "Independent"
	swizzle 6
	"hostile hail" "hostile bounty hunter"

> ship "Vanguard" "Vanguard (Boss Fight)"

Reviewer 4: Can we change the type-name from "Boss Fight" to a more functional description (like "Heavily Armed" or something like that)?

	outfits
		"Plasma Cannon" 7
		"Heavy Anti-Missile Turret"
		"Fusion Reactor"
		Supercapacitor
		"D14-RN Shield Generator"
		"Fuel Pod" 5
		"Small Radar Jammer" 2
		"Interference Plating" 4
		"Cargo Expansion" 3
		"Laser Rifle" 11
		"X3700 Ion Thruster"
		"X3200 Ion Steering"
		"Scram Drive"

mission "Pirate Duel Payment"
	landing
	source "Wayfarer"
	
	to offer
		has "Pirate Duel: done"
	

> 	on offer

Reviewer: Why not just make this the `on complete` of the previous mission?

		payment 250000
		conversation
				`When you land on Wayfarer, you look up bounties and wanted pirate documents, searching for any mention of the Anglerfish and the Esca. Eventually, you find a bounty for the destruction of the Anglerfish.`
				choice
					`	(Take the bounty money.)`
					`	(Read more about the bounty.)`
						goto more

> 				`	You head to the local authorities, and show them your combat logs of your fight against the Anglerfish. They pay you 250,000 credits for your effort.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	You head to the local authorities, and show them your combat logs of your fight against the Anglerfish. They pay you <payment> for your effort.`
```

					decline
				label more

> 				`	You decide to read more of the bounty documents. It appears that the pirate that you killed was Enrico Snake, a pirate that mainly dealt in cargo smuggling. However, he also the curious tick of hunting aspiring privateers by luring them to Umbral, where he easily took them out with his superior ship. You go to the local authorities, and show them your combat logs of your fight against the Anglerfish. They pay you 250,000 credits for the effort.`

Reviewer 2: "The curious tick" might sound better as "a curious tick".

> 				`	You decide to read more of the bounty documents. It appears that the pirate that you killed was Enrico Snake, a pirate that mainly dealt in cargo smuggling. However, he also had a curious tick of hunting aspiring privateers by luring them to Umbral, where he easily took them out with his superior ship. You go to the local authorities, and show them your combat logs of your fight against the Anglerfish. They pay you 250,000 credits for the effort.`

Reviewer: Instead of duplicating this last sentence, you should instead have "label more" be above `	You head to the local authorities, and show them your combat logs of your fight against the Anglerfish. They pay you 250,000 credits for your effort.` and lead into it.
